Update subscription and query builder docs (#4329)
clockworklabs/SpacetimeDB: docs/docs/00200-core-concepts/00200-functions/00500-views.md

## Performance Considerations

Views compute results server side, which can improve performance by:

- Reducing network traffic by filtering/aggregating before sending data
- Avoiding redundant computation on multiple clients
- Leveraging server-side indexes and query optimization

However, keep in mind that:

- Views are updated/recomputed when their read set changes
- The key to optimizing a view is keeping its read set small
- Views can have large read sets when they read from non-unique indexes and/or multiple tables

> - Procedural views are executed largely as written by the WASM/V8 runtimes with little room for global optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View functions are reevaluated when SpacetimeDB detects something they read has since changed (the read set)
- The key to optimizing a view function is keeping its read set small
- View functions can have large read sets when they read from non-unique indexes and/or multiple tables without using the query builder
- View functions are executed largely as written by the WASM/V8 runtimes with little room for global optimization
```

I think we should probably distinguish between "view functions" and "views" in the docs. I've been informally moving us in that direction. That also leaves room to introduce views created by other means later in principle (not that I can imagine such a thing since we want to define everything in the module). Still I think "view function" being the thing in the module, and "view" being the resultant table is a helpful rhetorical distinction.

        .Where(p => p.Name.Neq("BOT"));
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="rust" label="Rust">

```rust
#[view(accessor = high_scorers, public)]
fn high_scorers(ctx: &AnonymousViewContext) -> impl Query<Player> {
    ctx.from
        .player()
        .r#where(|p| p.score.gte(1000u64))
        .r#where(|p| p.name.ne("BOT"))
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Why Use the Query Builder?

Both `ViewContext` and `AnonymousViewContext` expose a builder API for expressing query logic like filters and joins.
The module-side query builder is designed for view logic that is mostly filters and joins.
These views are evaluated by the query engine instead of the WASM/V8 runtime, the benefits of which include the following:

- The query engine can apply global optimizations that WASM and V8 cannot, drastically improving the performance of your views
- These views can be updated incrementally; the database does not have to re-evaluate the entire view if its read set changes
- These views avoid the row materialization costs that plague procedural views every time your code fetches/reads a row from the database

For join-heavy views, this difference is often significant.

> The procedural version below executes a row-by-row join in module code.

Author: Oops. Included.

The query builder version expresses the same logic declaratively and lets the query engine plan and optimize it.

### API Reference

#### Table Accessors

The query builder is available only through `ViewContext` and `AnonymousViewContext`:
There is an accessor method/property for each table defined in your module.

<Tabs groupId="server-language" queryString>
<TabItem value="typescript" label="TypeScript">

```typescript
import { schema, table, t } from 'spacetimedb/server';

const players = table(
  { name: 'players', public: true },
  {
    id: t.u64().primaryKey().autoInc(),
    name: t.string(),
    score: t.u64().index('btree'),
  }
);

const playerLevels = table(
  { name: 'player_levels', public: true },
  {
    player_id: t.u64().unique(),
    level: t.u64().index('btree'),
  }
);

const spacetimedb = schema({ players, playerLevels });
export default spacetimedb;

export const all_players = spacetimedb.anonymousView(
  { name: 'all_players', public: true },

>   t.array(players.rowType),

Author: Same here. Not for typescript.

  (ctx) => ctx.from.players
);

export const all_player_levels = spacetimedb.anonymousView(
  { name: 'all_player_levels', public: true },

>   t.array(playerLevels.rowType),

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be a query?
